Handles Pallet Documentation Improvement (#1984)
frequency-chain/frequency: pallets/handles/README.md

# Handles Pallet

> Creates human-readable, homoglyph attack resistent handles for MSA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates human-readable, homoglyph attack resistent handles for MSAs.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Creates human-readable, homoglyph attack-resistent handles for MSAs.
```

## Summary

Provides MSAs with an optional, but unique handle.
The handles are able to be

> - **Base Handle:** The user's chosen handle string. It is not guaranteed to be unique.

Reviewer 3: It flows nicer when removing the comma.
> The handle string chosen by the user is not guaranteed to be unique.

> The handles are able to be
> 
> - **Base Handle:** The user's chosen handle string. It is not guaranteed to be unique.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A handle consists of:

- **Canonical Base Handle:** The user's chosen handle string. It is not guaranteed to be unique.
```

Author: Canonical is not the user's chosen string. It is derived from it.

- **Suffix:** A suffix is a unique numeric value appended to a handle's canonical base to make it unique.

> - **Display Handle:** The base and the suffix together (`base`.`suffix`) is a unique identifier for a user.

Author: Base usually just means the user's side of it. See https://docs.frequency.xyz/Glossary.html#handle

> - **Base Handle:** The user's chosen handle string. It is not guaranteed to be unique.
> - **Suffix:** A suffix is a unique numeric value appended to a handle's canonical base to make it unique.
> - **Display Handle:** The base and the suffix together (`base`.`suffix`) is a unique identifier for a user.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Base Handle:** The user's chosen handle. It is *not* guaranteed to be unique without the suffix. It is linked to a normalized version for Handle to MSA Id resolution. See [UTF-8 Support](#utf-8-support) and [Homoglyph Attack Resistence](#homoglyph-attack-resistence) below.
- **Suffix:** A suffix is a unique numeric value appended to a user's base handle to make it unique.
- **Display Handle:** The user's original (un-normalized) base handle string and the suffix together (`base`.`suffix`) constitute a unique identifier for a user.
```

### UTF-8 Support

Handles are able to have many allowed ranges of UTF-8.
Some ranges, such as emoji, are currently not allowed.
Due to the handling of homoglyphs, some handles will resolve to the same value.
For example, while the display may have diacriticals, the handle is stored without diacriticals.

> So `Zoë` and `Zoe` would resolve to the same handle.

Reviewer 2: I don't think it's entirely clear here that the diacriticals & homoglyphs are completely eliminated; all handles AND DISPLAY HANDLES are normalized to the canonical base.

Author: Updated some.

### Homoglyph Attack Resistence

> Two or more characters appear the same to the user are [homoglyphs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homoglyph).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Two or more characters that appear the same to the user are [homoglyphs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homoglyph).
```

> To prevent most homoglyph attachs where one user attempts to impersonate another, the user's Base Handle is converted to a canonical version of the handle.

Reviewer 3: ~~attachs~~ attacks

> To prevent most homoglyph attachs where one user attempts to impersonate another, the user's Base Handle is converted to a canonical version of the handle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To prevent most homoglyph attacks where one user attempts to impersonate another, the user's requested Base Handle is converted to a canonical version of the handle.
```

The canonical version determines the suffix series that is chosen.

> Thus `alice` and `a1ice` (with a one instead of an `L`) can never have the same suffix.

Reviewer 2: Hmm, really? Do we not consider `l` and `1` homoglyphs? I guess that's a difficult edge case to solve for...?

Author: What do you mean. This is saying that those are homoglyphs?

Author: Updated to
```Thus `alice` and `a1ice` (with a one instead of an `L`) can never have the same suffix and point to different MSA Ids```

Reviewer 2: What I mean is, I would think that we would want to consider `alice` and `a1ice` as homoglyphs that resolve to the same canonical base, as this would seem to be a common attack vector for impersonation. But then you can't always consider `1` (one) to be a homoglyph of `l` (ell), because sometimes a one is just a one... so I see why we don't. Anyway, no need to discuss in this PR. This is not a documentation issue 😄

Reviewer 2: Apparently it *is* a documentation issue, because I misunderstood what actually happens 😆

### Actions

The Handles pallet provides for:

- Unique identifier for an MSA
- Creation by proxy
- Tokenless handle removal
- Shuffled sequences for Suffixes

## Interactions

### Extrinsics

| Name/Description                 | Caller        | Payment | Key Events                                                                                                    | Runtime Added |
| -------------------------------- | ------------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `claim_handle`<br />Claim a handle with the given  | Provider or MSA Owner | Capacity or Tokens  | [`HandleClaimed`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_handles/pallet/enum.Event.html#variant.HandleClaimed) | 27             |

> | `retire_handle`<br />Retiren a handle. Retired handles + suffix are never reused.   | MSA Owner | Free  | [`HandleRetired`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_handles/pallet/enum.Event.html#variant.HandleRetired) | 27             |

Reviewer 3: ~ Retiren ~ Retire

> | `retire_handle`<br />Retiren a handle. Retired handles + suffix are never reused.   | MSA Owner | Free  | [`HandleRetired`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_handles/pallet/enum.Event.html#variant.HandleRetired) | 27             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `retire_handle`<br />Retire a handle. Retired handles + suffix are never reused.   | MSA Owner | Free  | [`HandleRetired`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_handles/pallet/enum.Event.html#variant.HandleRetired) | 27             |
```

> | `change_handle`<br />Convenous method to retire and then claim a new handle  | Provider or MSA Owner | Capacity or Tokens  | [`HandleRetired`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_handles/pallet/enum.Event.html#variant.HandleRetired), [`HandleClaimed`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/{pallet_name}/pallet/enum.Event.html#variant.HandleClaimed) | 47             |

Reviewer 3: ~Convenous~ convenient

Author: Apparently my (lack of) ability to spell was on display for this one. Thank you for catching those.

> | `change_handle`<br />Convenous method to retire and then claim a new handle  | Provider or MSA Owner | Capacity or Tokens  | [`HandleRetired`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_handles/pallet/enum.Event.html#variant.HandleRetired), [`HandleClaimed`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/{pallet_name}/pallet/enum.Event.html#variant.HandleClaimed) | 47             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `change_handle`<br />Convenient atomic method to retire and then claim a new handle  | Provider or MSA Owner | Capacity or Tokens  | [`HandleRetired`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_handles/pallet/enum.Event.html#variant.HandleRetired), [`HandleClaimed`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/{pallet_name}/pallet/enum.Event.html#variant.HandleClaimed) | 47             |
```

See [Rust Docs](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_handles/pallet/struct.Pallet.html) for more details.

### State Queries

Note: RPC use is suggested over the direct state queries for handles.

| Name      | Description         | Query                    | Runtime Added |
| --------- | ------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------- |

> | Get Handle by MSA Id  | Returns the Display Handle and the block it was claimed   | `msaIdToDisplayName` | 29             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Get Handle by MSA Id  | Returns the Display Handle and the block in which it was claimed   | `msaIdToDisplayName` | 29             |
```

> | Get MSA Id by Canonical and Suffix  | Uses the stored canonical lookup string NOT the display handle with the suffix to retrieve the MSA Id   | `canonicalBaseHandleAndSuffixToMSAId` | 29             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Get MSA Id by Canonical Base and Suffix  | Uses the stored canonical lookup string, NOT the display handle with the suffix to retrieve the MSA Id   | `canonicalBaseHandleAndSuffixToMSAId` | 29             |
```

> See the [Rust Docs](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_handles/pallet/storage_types/index.html) for additional state queries and details.

Author: Yes, I left out the canonical to suffix index. It just doesn't make sense for anyone to really use it directly, but that's why we always have this line.

### RPCs

Note: May be restricted based on node settings and configuration.

| Name    | Description       | Call                                                                                                 | Node Version |
| ------- | ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |

> | Get Handle by MSA Id | Returns the base handle and suffix as well as the cononical version of the handle | [`getHandleforMSA`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_handles_rpc/trait.HandlesApiServer.html#tymethod.get_handle_for_msa) | v1.6.0+      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Get Handle by MSA Id | Returns the base handle and suffix as well as the canonical version of the handle | [`getHandleforMSA`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_handles_rpc/trait.HandlesApiServer.html#tymethod.get_handle_for_msa) | v1.6.0+      |
```

| Get MSA Id by Display Handle | Returns the MSA Id for a given Display Handle | [`getMsaForHandle`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_handles_rpc/trait.HandlesApiServer.html#tymethod.get_handle_for_msa) | v1.6.0+      |
| Validate Handle String | Checks to see if the handle string validates | [`validateHandle`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_handles_rpc/trait.HandlesApiServer.html#tymethod.validate_handle) | v1.8.0+      |

> | Get Next Suffixes | Given a Base Handle and count, returns the next suffixes that will be used for claimed handles | [`getNextSuffixes`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_handles_rpc/trait.HandlesApiServer.html#tymethod.get_next_suffixes) | v1.8.0+      |

Reviewer 2: To this point--should we say anything in the docs about the fact that the shuffled suffixes are deterministic for each base handle, not random?
